[ET-903] Add more context to the "Going" strings for the new RSVP box (#1777)
moderntribe/event-tickets: readme.txt

= [5.0.1] TBD =

* Fix - More thorough validity checking for post IDs, such as to account for a BuddyPress page having a Post ID of zero. [ET-899]

> * Tweak - We have added context to some of the strings and labels of the new RSVP block to allow more granular translation. [GTRIA-294]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - We have added context to some of the strings and labels of the new RSVP block to allow more granular translation. [ET-903]
```
